Documenting data handling and running simulations (#301)
esqLABS/esqlabsR: vignettes/introduction-esqlabsr.Rmd

)
```

> The **`{esqlabsR}`** R-package is designed to facilitate and standardize **modeling and simulation** (M&S) of PBPK models implemented in PK-Sim and executed from R. The package provides functions to read and run scenarios, workflows and simulations and create plots and visualization based on no-code input from Excel files. The package is based on R functions in the `{ospsuite}` [package](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/OSPSuite-R), part of the [Open Systems Pharmacology](https://www.open-systems-pharmacology.org/) software framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`{esqlabsR}`** R-package is designed to facilitate and standardize **modeling and simulation** (M&S) of PBPK and QSP models implemented in Open Systems Pharmacology Software](https://www.open-systems-pharmacology.org/) (OSPS) and executed from R. The package provides functions to read and run scenarios, workflows and simulations and create plots and visualization based on no-code input from Excel files. The package is based on R functions in the [`ospsuite` package](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/OSPSuite-R).
```

## Installation ##
Install as a binary file from [an AppVeyor link](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/StephanSchaller/esqlabsr/build/artifacts). The `{esqlabsR}` package requires the following packages: 

* Available from CRAN:
    * jsonlite
    * patchwork
    * purrr
    * R6
    * readr
    * stringr
    * tidyr
    * colorspace
    * dplyr
    * ggplot2
    * hash
    * readxl
    * shiny
    * shinyjs
    * tools
    * vctrs
    * writexl

* Available from github: 
    * [rClr](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/rClr/) > 0.9.2
    * [ospsuite.utils](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/OSPSuite.RUtils)
    * [tlf](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/TLF-Library)
    * [ospsuite](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/OSPSuite-R) > 11.0

> ## Motivation

Reviewer: I think that a table of content before the first section would be useful.

This package builds up on the functionality of the `{ospsuite}` package. It is strongly recommended to get familiar with the [R Introduction](https://docs.open-systems-pharmacology.org/working-with-r/introduction-ospsuite-r) section of the OSPS manual.

> In order to load a simulation in R, it must be present in the **\*.pkml** file format. Every simulation in PK-Sim or MoBi can be exported to the *.pkml file. The examples shown in this documentation are based on the Aciclovir example model, until stated otherwise. The model can be found in the PK-Sim examples folder of the OSPS installation. Alternatively, you can also download it from [here](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/OSPSuite-R/blob/develop/inst/extdata/Aciclovir.pkml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to load a simulation in R, it must be present in the **\*.pkml** file format. Every simulation in PK-Sim or MoBi can be exported to the *.pkml file. The examples shown in this documentation are based on the Aciclovir example model, until stated otherwise. The model can be found in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Example_Aciclovir) as PK-Sim project. The pkml file can be downloaded from [ospsuite-r](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/OSPSuite-R/blob/develop/inst/extdata/Aciclovir.pkml) repository.
```

```

Important information about the object can be printed out by calling `print(object)`.

> ## Function reference

Reviewer: There is already an automatically generated function reference, I think this should be removed.

> ## Contributing

Reviewer: This section belongs to the readme and would be redundant here.
